give me all the numbers 1-70 and show me the number with like the draws out and hits somewhere on the box/div  all the numbers listed   over to the right is where the suggested combinations for my filters should go. 

I should be able to slide in or out filters to see their data. I should see the draws where you show me what hit the groups associated  the amount of time that group has been out the time out for a digit a pair a triple  all the data about the draw i should see it.  lows highs.   I should see this login in. I should just be pressing go and getting starting. Things should be visibly jumping out at me like maybe a color coded way to see if the same skip count number showed up in the last ten draws. Maybe numbers thats been out 22 draws is hot so i want to consider those numbers. 

Where do i add the numbers ? I should be able to add a custom list. Where do i put in i want 2 of this list 3 not on the list or vice versa.  I should be able to add multiple lists.   Especially considering the numbers in 14 draws   each number should have hit once so add up the counts for each group we filter with is it behind its total length?  its cold  is it even then its right on time or due is it over then its hot or ahead. I should be able to see the data. hey most draws there is at least 3 cold or evens and 2 hots or maybe something different. Maybe i see a pattern to go for give me all combinations from the cold and even because 5-0 is due. I need to see this data and analyze this data and filter based on this data. I need you to put on your data scientist and software development skills and solve this problem. This is pattern analysis. The patterns need to be kept track of and i need to know how they it when they hit how often they hit and how long they have been out since last hitting. how often does 4 lows and a high show up or all 5 lows or all 5 highs. The application needs to serve the purpose of showing me these patterns and even showing me patterns i didn't think to analyze like how often two or three of the filters show up together. Show me more of the patterns   HHHHH  HLLLH  show me the straights  and the boxes  LLLHH => LHLLH, LLHHL etc, how often does  a pattern repeat can we say how what was last draws patterns okay don't have any repeated patterns in evens odds high lows the straight or box won't repeat. the data should show me if this is a wise move.  Then i pick my filters and click to show me combinations based on my filters and no combination should show up that doesn't fit the filters. so if i say EEOOO  i should only see draws with EEOOO if i say EEOOO and LLLHH i should only see combinations that match them both and so on and so on. Please ask me to show you examples if you don't not understand.

I should be able to say hey i notice that every 4 games a triple thats been out over 100 games shows up. So i should be able to filter for draws where it least one over triple thats been out 100 draws shows up. 

lets say out of the 10 pairs each pair has been out x amount but total up to n amount. I should be able to filter on that data. show me pairs that are less than the last.  Even the sum of the draw i want to filter it.  hey give me a draw sum less than the last draw.  I see a trend up down up down so i betting higher. I should be able to see this in the data and filter for a combination that fits it while matching up to the other combinations. feel free to update the list as we go if that makes it faster. build the first filter then if i add a second filter off those that is fine so a global array maybe helpful. The key is also seeing which filters are the most powerful to pull the big possible list down to a tiny number.  I should be able to columnize the filter where  hey i am certain the third digit will be a even or odd or high or low or a specific digit.  Show me the data in a way that makes it easy to play with and a child could understand right away. 